com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/caballerita/CaballeritaOre.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.caballerita.CaballeritaOre
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/Oredium.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.Oredium
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.Oredium$OrediumTabArmors
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.Oredium$OrediumTabItems
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.Oredium$OrediumTabTools
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/miguelitio/MiguelitioLamp.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.miguelitio.MiguelitioLamp
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/armors/FranitolinaArmor.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.armors.FranitolinaArmor
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/particles/OrediumParticle.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.particles.OrediumParticle
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.particles.OrediumParticle$Factory
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/armors/AlezaritaArmor.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.armors.AlezaritaArmor
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/init/ArmorInit.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.init.ArmorInit
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/armors/HugodiumArmor.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.armors.HugodiumArmor
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/init/ItemInit.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.init.ItemInit
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/alezarita/AlezaritaLamp.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.alezarita.AlezaritaLamp
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/alezarita/AlezaritaOre.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.alezarita.AlezaritaOre
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/OrediumBlock.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.OrediumBlock
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/caballerita/MoltenCaballerita.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.caballerita.MoltenCaballerita
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/events/ArmorEvents.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.events.ArmorEvents
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/particles/ShineParticle.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.particles.ShineParticle
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.particles.ShineParticle$Factory
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/enderium/EnderiumBlock.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.enderium.EnderiumBlock
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/core/enums/ArmorOredium.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.core.enums.ArmorOredium
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/cesarita/MoltenCesarita.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.cesarita.MoltenCesarita
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/foods/HugodiumSmoothie.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.foods.HugodiumSmoothie
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/miguelitio/MiguelitioOre.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.miguelitio.MiguelitioOre
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/init/FoodInit.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.init.FoodInit
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/axidita/MoltenAxidita.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.axidita.MoltenAxidita
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/enderita/EnderitaBlock.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.enderita.EnderitaBlock
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/foods/Clorets.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.foods.Clorets
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/particles/FranitolinaParticle.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.particles.FranitolinaParticle
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.particles.FranitolinaParticle$Factory
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/franitolina/FranitolinaLamp.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.franitolina.FranitolinaLamp
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/shine/MoltenShine.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.shine.MoltenShine
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/items/SpecialItem.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.items.SpecialItem
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/shine/ShineOre.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.shine.ShineOre
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/foods/AlezaritaChicken.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.foods.AlezaritaChicken
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/armors/EnderiumArmor.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.armors.EnderiumArmor
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/core/enums/ItemTierOredium.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.core.enums.ItemTierOredium
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/armors/CesaritaArmor.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.armors.CesaritaArmor
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/axidita/AxiditaLamp.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.axidita.AxiditaLamp
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/init/ParticleInit.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.init.ParticleInit
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/hugodium/HugodiumBlock.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.hugodium.HugodiumBlock
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/enderita/EnderitaOre.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.enderita.EnderitaOre
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/foods/CaballeritaCake.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.foods.CaballeritaCake
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/hugodium/MoltenHugodium.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.hugodium.MoltenHugodium
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/miguelitio/MiguelitioBlock.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.miguelitio.MiguelitioBlock
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/foods/Pepenne.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.foods.Pepenne
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/caballerita/CaballeritaBlock.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.caballerita.CaballeritaBlock
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/miguelitio/MoltenMiguelitio.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.miguelitio.MoltenMiguelitio
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/foods/Fraopu.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.foods.Fraopu
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/axidita/AxiditaBlock.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.axidita.AxiditaBlock
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/foods/EnderiumApple.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.foods.EnderiumApple
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/enderita/RefinedEnderitaBlock.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.enderita.RefinedEnderitaBlock
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/franitolina/MoltenFranitolina.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.franitolina.MoltenFranitolina
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/init/ToolInit.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.init.ToolInit
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/init/FluidInit.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.init.FluidInit
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/armors/ShineArmor.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.armors.ShineArmor
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/cesarita/CesaritaBlock.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.cesarita.CesaritaBlock
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/enderium/MoltenEnderium.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.enderium.MoltenEnderium
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/armors/AxiditaArmor.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.armors.AxiditaArmor
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/hugodium/HugodiumLamp.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.hugodium.HugodiumLamp
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/franitolina/FranitolinaOre.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.franitolina.FranitolinaOre
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/infernum/Infernum.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.infernum.Infernum
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/enderita/EnderitaLamp.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.enderita.EnderitaLamp
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/foods/EnderitaApple.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.foods.EnderitaApple
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/armors/CaballeritaArmor.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.armors.CaballeritaArmor
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/caballerita/CaballeritaLamp.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.caballerita.CaballeritaLamp
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/shine/ShineLamp.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.shine.ShineLamp
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/world/OreGeneration.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.world.OreGeneration
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/alezarita/AlezaritaBlock.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.alezarita.AlezaritaBlock
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/init/BlockInit.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.init.BlockInit
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/shine/ShineBlock.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.shine.ShineBlock
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/cesarita/CesaritaLamp.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.cesarita.CesaritaLamp
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/core/util/ParticleUtil.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.core.util.ParticleUtil
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/hugodium/HugodiumOre.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.hugodium.HugodiumOre
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/alezarita/MoltenAlezarita.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.alezarita.MoltenAlezarita
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/franitolina/FranitolinaBlock.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.franitolina.FranitolinaBlock
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/foods/BlueClorets.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.foods.BlueClorets
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/cesarita/CesaritaOre.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.cesarita.CesaritaOre
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/armors/MiguelitioArmor.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.armors.MiguelitioArmor
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/blocks/axidita/AxiditaOre.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.blocks.axidita.AxiditaOre
com/HugoRandom/Oredium/common/foods/ShineCupcake.java
 com.HugoRandom.Oredium.common.foods.ShineCupcake
